feat: Support set custom TF/OpenTofu binary. | If you use a custom Docker image build, please note that `TERRAFORM_VERSION` now must be provided (#670)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

Reviewer: Please revert changes to bulleted lists in this file ("Table of contents" and "Install dependencies").

Reviewer: I personally have no issues with it using an editor of my preference.
Not sure where the `much more common public """standard""" for another markdown` comes from, though when I'm looking at https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#lists I see none out of three options to gain preference 🤷🏻 
If you think it's beneficial to switch from `*` to `-`, please create a separate PR for that so that we don't mix different scopes in this PR.
Thanks.

Reviewer: > This is oppresive and excess body movement.

Nothing personal, but it's first time I meet someone using VSCode (?) and being so frustrated by it pushing its very own "much more common public standards" 🤪 

I even tried to google it and found no documents from the 1st dozen of search results that would give a preference to any of unordered lists markers (`*`, `-`, and `+`).

Author: My own preference is only dictated by common practice and every readme I have seen so far. which are not using `*`. If VSCode or vim fixes something using default linter settings I often prefer to accept it.

Reviewer: I'd suggest to stop pushing "common" when it's "personal". I have seen loads of READMEs using both (the `+` is what I indeed seen pretty much rare) and hence I have no preference unless Markdown language spec pushes it. Given VSCode (or whatever IDE "automates" this for you) and its devs are not those who maintain this language, I'd prefer you to create a separate PR for this change and we can discuss (as you're not the first one bringing this automated changes that are out of scope of their PR).

> I often prefer to accept it.

I respect your **personal** position, though it's not the best place to push it as eventually we'll find ourselves debating on OSX/iOS vs Linux/Android 🤪

- Internet connection (on first run)
- x86_64 or arm64 compatible operation system
- [`checkov`](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov) required for `terraform_checkov` hook
- [`terraform-docs`](https://github.com/terraform-docs/terraform-docs) required for `terraform_docs` hook
- [`terragrunt`](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/install/) required for `terragrunt_validate` hook
- [`terrascan`](https://github.com/tenable/terrascan) required for `terrascan` hook
- [`TFLint`](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint) required for `terraform_tflint` hook
- [`TFSec`](https://github.com/liamg/tfsec) required for `terraform_tfsec` hook
- [`Trivy`](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy) required for `terraform_trivy` hook
- [`infracost`](https://github.com/infracost/infracost) required for `infracost_breakdown` hook
- [`jq`](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) required for `terraform_validate` with `--retry-once-with-cleanup` flag, and for `infracost_breakdown` hook
- [`tfupdate`](https://github.com/minamijoyo/tfupdate) required for `tfupdate` hook
- [`hcledit`](https://github.com/minamijoyo/hcledit) required for `terraform_wrapper_module_for_each` hook

> #### 1.1 Custom terraform binaries and OpenTofu support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1.1 Custom Terraform binaries and OpenTofu support
```

It is possible to set custom path to `terraform` binary.

> This makes possible to use [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org) binary `tofu` instead of terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it possible to use [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org) binary `tofu` instead of `terraform`.
```

How to:

> - For per hook configuration set `--hook-config=tf_binary=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>`

Reviewer: For the consistency sake, please use dash instead of underscore in hook config parameter name and prefix it with double dash. Also for the consistency's sake let's make parameter name unified/consistent.
```suggestion
* For per hook configuration set `--hook-config=--tf-path=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>`
```

- export `PCT_TFPATH=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>` environment variable
- or maybe your already have `TERRAGRUNT_TFPATH=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>` environment variable set
- if none of above is set/available, hook defaults to `terraform` binary found in the user's $PATH
- if none of above are set/available, hook try to find and use `tofu` binary in the user's $PATH

> - `--hook-config=tf_binary=xxx` takes precedence, then `PCT_TFPATH` env var, and so on

Reviewer: Please use `*` for bulleted list items instead of `-` for consistency.

> - export `PCT_TFPATH=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>` environment variable
> - or maybe your already have `TERRAGRUNT_TFPATH=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>` environment variable set
> - if none of above is set/available, hook defaults to `terraform` binary found in the user's $PATH
> - if none of above are set/available, hook try to find and use `tofu` binary in the user's $PATH
> - `--hook-config=tf_binary=xxx` takes precedence, then `PCT_TFPATH` env var, and so on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Export `PCT_TFPATH=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>` environment variable
* Or maybe you already have `TERRAGRUNT_TFPATH=<path_to_binary_or_binary_name>` environment variable set
* If none of the above is set/available, hook defaults to `terraform` binary found in the user's `$PATH`
* Else hook tries to find and use `tofu` binary in the user's `$PATH`
```

I dropped last list item as it states obvious from my point of view.

### 1. Install dependencies

> * [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#install)
> * [`terraform`](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) and/or [`opentofu`](https://opentofu.org/docs/intro/install/)
> * [`git`](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
> * [BASH `3.2.57` or newer](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/#download)
> * Internet connectivity (on first run)
> * x86_64 or arm64 compatible operation system

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#install),
  <sub><sup>[`terraform`](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html),
  <sub><sup>[`git`](https://git-scm.com/downloads),
  <sub><sup>[BASH `3.2.57` or newer](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/#download),
  <sub><sup>Internet connection (on first run),
  <sub><sup>x86_64 or arm64 compatible operation system,
  <sub><sup>Some hardware where this OS will run,
  <sub><sup>Electricity for hardware and internet connection,
  <sub><sup>Some basic physical laws,
  <sub><sup>Hope that it all will work.
  </sup></sub></sup></sub></sup></sub></sup></sub></sup></sub></sup></sub></sup></sub></sup></sub></sup></sub><br><br>
```

### 1. Install dependencies

* [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/#install),

>   <sub><sup>[`terraform`](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html),

Reviewer 2: Nope, it looks exactly how it should look :)

This info need mostly for non-engineers, which came time to time and start asking exactly what wrote in by this tiny text

>   <sub><sup>[`terraform`](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html),

Reviewer: It makes some confusion for engineers as well. Most probably because they look into code and never into what it looks like when rendered =)
I even think we should add a tiny comment there (invisible when markdown is rendered into human-readable text) to clarify that this is way it should be 🤪

>   <sub><sup>[`terraform`](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html),

Author: I meant I made it visible. Kinda what's bad in these requirements listed in normal text. Looked ok to me. It's known humanoids with different brain disabilities exist.
```
  * [`terraform`](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) or [`opentofu`](https://opentofu.org/docs/intro/install/),
  * [`git`](https://git-scm.com/downloads),
  * [BASH `3.2.57` or newer](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/#download),
```
and just removed these
```
  <sub><sup>Some basic physical laws,
  <sub><sup>Hope that it all will work.
```

But yea. the question's closed. Looks good. Readme is not broken.

**Build from scratch**:

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > To build image you need to have [`docker buildx`](https://docs.docker.com/build/install-buildx/) enabled as default builder.

Reviewer: Please put two trailing spaces back — they denote carriage return in markdown.
Same applies to the similar changes across this file in the PR.

```bash
docker build -t pre-commit-terraform \
    --build-arg PRE_COMMIT_VERSION=latest \
    --build-arg OPENTOFU_VERSION=latest \
    --build-arg TERRAFORM_VERSION=1.5.7 \

>     --build-arg TERRAFORM_VERSION=latest \

Reviewer: @MaxymVlasov Why TF 1.5.7 while Tofu is latest? 🤔

>     --build-arg TERRAFORM_VERSION=latest \

Reviewer 2: It is just an example, I don't think that someone will use it "as is". But answering your question:
TF 1.5.7 is the latest under the MPL2.0 license, and I suppose that "custom builders" will be here more from:
*  Tofu side
*  "we freeze TF on 1.5.7 for better times"

then from the latest TF users who just want to drop the Tofu binary

>     --build-arg TERRAFORM_VERSION=latest \

Reviewer: I got your point 👍🏻
